hair person girls like still figure and
today I have as promised the shotgun
snapping video so what else you don't
know what shotgun sniping is and you
probably have seen it right here and you
are using a pump-action shotgun so for
example the 870 or this past 12 then
you're using these lakh rounds and a
rifle scope and maybe extended mags
which would be really good so right here
you haven't seen is there which is
camping right there in this course
yeah I'm basically and certain sniping
and if you are struggling with a
bolt-action rifle and I would really
recommend you to try this out to set up
display style or just if you're like the
sniping guy type in general because the
slug rounds are really accurate and
powerful just like the bolt actions are
and with a rifle scope on and you
basically have a sniper rifle but I
think the reach ample time to do time to
pump the shotgun is a little bit faster
than the bolt actions which I'm going to
the director the director directed to
the director
dead
Judith deducted to the tip that did it
do that that did it that did it yeah so
all of you probably notice when you're
just going a nice little streak and
you're going to play the objectives have
to be objective and there are some
douchebag which planted c4 all over the
place yeah anyways I think this was a
nice little streak and I'm just gonna
drifted away and felt like this epicness
from the yeah so to continue the
commentary and as I've already said if
yeah that's a nice thing too so you see
they're having some weird things in this
game but back to the commentary as I've
said if you're normally used to playing
with a bolt-action you really gonna like
to set up and if you're also normally
playing on hardcore because of the hot
cue one-hit kill potential you're
definitely should try this out even on
normal mode because you're going to get
more one-hit kills to the chest or arms
or anywhere anywhere on the body really
a lot more often if you're up close to
the enemy I'm not quite sure how it is I
think in a long range so really long
range you will have to get two headshots
in order to kill your enemy I'm not
quite sure and I can look it up as soon
as I'm either a try it out for myself or
be and something.com will finally put up
their shotguns that's because they
haven't done anything about shotguns yet
so normally I'm using the 870 and I
haven't tried out this past year if you
want me to do a shotgun sniping with
this past 12th then just leave a comment
down below and I will
of course try it out with this best 12
I've seen a couple of videos of some
guys using it and it actually looks a
little bit better than on the 870 in my
opinion but I think the 870 is a little
bit stronger and since it has a lower
pump pumping time so I mean it takes
longer to pump but still I'm not quite
sure just how I feel about the gun right
now so and it seems like flashlights are
opie again anyways something else I want
to talk about so I've already said that
I'm that I was picked for as you come to
the spotlight on pixel enemy but I have
to in order to beat the error or be
featured in this episode I have to
upload a video so it's cut down to like
30 seconds or so or 25 seconds and I
will feature just some things I've
already did like from the weapon
comparisons and the analysis is the
guides tutorials this little a shotgun
sniping with the foreman piece feed
things right there and yes and you can
watch it if you want but and there's
nothing more to it it's just basically
going to be in the episode which will be
on fix which will be up on pixel enemy
and somewhere some when next week or the
next two weeks or so but I'm sure going
to inform you guys if it's up and if I
get informed so I will just do or say or
tell you the things I was told and then
everything
so another thing it seems like there
would be a new series on my channel
which would be litter bugging sims since
most of you guys really enjoyed it and
so I have to tell you that I really
would like to do this and I really try
to do some litter bugging videos and but
not as a serious I'm just going to do
some and I will probably call them
litter buggin so it's like serious but
not a real serious because it's like
really hard to do several series at one
time and since I already have to tell me
what challenge accepted and the telling
you how I play with a sniper rifle so
then what's the game we lost it and
that's basically all for now I hope you
enjoyed the video and let's go figure
out